boryong_09990	Ankyrin repeat protein with 13 ankyrin repeats
boryong_08780	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06550	Ankyrin repeat protein with 9 ankyrin repeats
boryong_12405	Ankyrin repeat protein with 9 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00470	Ankyrin repeat protein with 15 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06905	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06120	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_11195	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05525	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05395	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06640	Ankyrin repeat protein with 10 ankyrin repeats
boryong_11270	Ankyrin repeat protein with 10 ankyrin repeats
boryong_03945	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_03470	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00400	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_01305	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02570	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05290	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_09575	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02655	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_09980	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02720	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07125	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00565	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06745	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07190	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07195	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_01365	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07635	Ankyrin repeat protein with 3 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06765	Ankyrin repeat protein with 3 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00960	Ankyrin repeat protein with 2 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07640	Ankyrin repeat protein with 3 ankyrin repeats
boryong_11930	Ankyrin repeat protein with 2 ankyrin repeats
