ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07510	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04010	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_01260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08810	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00745	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06895	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00690	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10300	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04930	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06720	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01780	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10835	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02575	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01905	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05245	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08805	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06920	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00610	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06965	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01050	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_01260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07510	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10300	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04010	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06720	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10835	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08810	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00745	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01780	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06895	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02575	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05245	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00690	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04930	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08805	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06920	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01905	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00610	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_01990	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05640	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_01260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08810	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00745	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04930	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00690	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04010	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07510	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10300	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06895	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06720	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05245	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02575	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07510	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_08810	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00745	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_10490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04010	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06720	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06920	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06895	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_01260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10300	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_04930	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00690	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04030	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02390	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04950	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00150	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06025	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_01260	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10835	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07510	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13045	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_10155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_00970	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05640	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_01990	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06495	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00790	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00365	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04860	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00635	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08325	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12460	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_06625	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05995	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03145	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06665	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07815	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_01310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_00215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05190	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09530	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07345	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01040	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10250	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_10465	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_03600	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08060	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08445	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_09885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_06370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04865	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04405	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08555	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10180	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_05280	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09350	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_11135	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00485	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07475	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07200	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_05305	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06215	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_09470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04155	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07975	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_00890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_10400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02650	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01455	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02130	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_03735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_00740	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01525	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10090	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02410	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_04985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02695	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_06560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05700	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_00340	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03175	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_11120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_08560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_03595	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01425	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11315	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_09590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_07140	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_08490	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_02570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_06275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_10885	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07560	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_04890	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ikeda_02275	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11570	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_03295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_02395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_08005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04335	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13415	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_01055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_07265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_03430	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_09095	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08360	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00630	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00080	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_01750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_03850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_05880	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_02265	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_03310	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_08775	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12840	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_12230	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08830	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_12380	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_05285	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_02825	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08160	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08470	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01900	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01670	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05960	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_05985	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_12500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07915	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_11620	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_05220	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10055	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09370	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_08210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_01210	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_07585	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_07440	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_00785	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_06165	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_08400	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_10295	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04435	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_02940	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_04115	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_09500	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_07715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01005	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut176_02385	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_07845	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10715	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_08035	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_04120	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_06520	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_04085	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
kato_00205	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_01270	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_01675	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_00645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_03590	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06290	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06685	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_06850	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
boryong_11735	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_13065	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ut76_04655	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
karp_09645	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
ta686_09355	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_10750	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
gilliam_09395	Tetratricopeptide repeat protein
