locus_tag	gene	product
boryong_00400	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00470	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 14 ankyrin repeats
boryong_00565	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_00960	NA	hypothetical protein
boryong_01305	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_01365	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02570	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02655	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_02720	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 3 ankyrin repeats
boryong_03470	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_03945	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05290	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05395	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_05525	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06120	NA	ankyrin
boryong_06550	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06640	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_06745	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06765	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 2 ankyrin repeats
boryong_06905	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07125	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_07190	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_07195	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_07635	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
boryong_07640	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 2 ankyrin repeats
boryong_08780	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
boryong_09575	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_09980	aNKYR	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
boryong_09990	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 12 ankyrin repeats
boryong_11195	NA	ankyrin
boryong_11270	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_11930	NA	ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein
boryong_12405	NA	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
