karp_05990	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
karp_03435	Ankyrin repeat protein with 9 ankyrin repeats
karp_07655	Ankyrin repeat protein with 8 ankyrin repeats
karp_09070	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
karp_13090	Ankyrin repeat protein with 9 ankyrin repeats
karp_02720	Ankyrin repeat protein with 10 ankyrin repeats
karp_05015	Ankyrin repeat protein with 10 ankyrin repeats
karp_09650	Ankyrin repeat protein with 15 ankyrin repeats
karp_11350	Ankyrin repeat protein with 15 ankyrin repeats
karp_10185	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
karp_03345	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_05630	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
karp_07975	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_08625	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_00275	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_02145	Ankyrin repeat protein with 7 ankyrin repeats
karp_11480	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_01985	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_08740	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_00700	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_08230	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_00965	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_10300	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_05965	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_08515	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_03745	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_07245	Ankyrin repeat protein with 9 ankyrin repeats
karp_06480	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_02480	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_05365	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_07705	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_12290	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_04800	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_08480	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_12790	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_07110	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_09135	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_00795	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_02595	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_03860	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_10840	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_00550	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_04895	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_08120	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_10225	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_11630	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_11860	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_00165	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_07425	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_09025	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_09760	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_12605	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_00390	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_09205	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_01295	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_05035	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_00310	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
karp_06950	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_02025	Ankyrin repeat protein with 4 ankyrin repeats
karp_04320	Ankyrin repeat protein with 3 ankyrin repeats
karp_11735	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
karp_10105	Ankyrin repeat protein with 5 ankyrin repeats
karp_00975	Ankyrin repeat protein with 6 ankyrin repeats
